# The Premise

.

From Jon Labadie-Bartz:
* My SB1 guess is based on an RV analysis of absorption lines over a ~70 d baseline (just from my own NRES data) with a preliminary Porb ~50 d. This seems supported by variations in Halpha asymmetry with the same timescale (presumably from the usual m=2 density wave patterns associated with the orbit of a companion). 
* The TESS light curve as usual contains a bunch of pulsation signals, and probably several small mass ejection episodes. The NRES data were acquired at the same time as one of the TESS visits (2 consecutive sectors). There are rapid V/R oscillations in certain emission features during these mass ejection episodes consistent with orbiting ejecta close to the star. 
* There's probably also a much slower m=1 density wave from Ha. Not sure if the time baseline of the full spec dataset is sufficient to sample this, but it's probably the main reason for the obvious-by-eye asymmetry in emission. 
​​​​​* For getting at better stellar parameters, the specpol spectra are of course super high SNR and good for standard synthetic spectra fitting to get atmospheric parameters. If going this route, ideally should use atmospheric models appropriate for rapid rotators. If you already have models for this, great! If not, I've been in touch with Catalina Arcos about this and she's been working with a new grid tailored for Be stars (gravity darkening, etc.). Also, Alex Carciofi and students have been using a different technique that uses UV spectra which could be done (there exist a few IUE obs, and I think one old HST UV spectrum).
* The spectroscopic line profile variations from pulsation are a bit odd (I think first pointed out in Rivinius et al. 2003, and the NRES spec are in good agreement). Could be interesting to model or otherwise try to better understand. 
* If after more analysis it really seems like an SB1, it would be interesting to check the optical spectra for signs of an sdO companion (e.g. He II 4686), perhaps requiring RV-shift-and-coadd spectra. Also there are some interferometric datasets, which I believe were analyzed to study disk asymmetries. Maybe these would be suitable for direct detection of a companion now that we think we know where to look. IUE/HST data could be thrown into the mix for looking for a companion.
